0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by inhalation of crystalline silica dust.
    
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    The getrusage function returns resource usage measures. A constant integer value defines how these measures are calculated.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    There are 16 members in the type struct rusage.
    
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, 
    even though we’re not changing their contents?
    The pass by reference is meant to reduce memory costs by using the struct addresses. 
    If instead the function passed by value, then copies of the structs would be created thereby increasing memory usage.
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. 
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    By using fopen to access the file, main begins reading the file, character-by-character, until it encounters the end of file.
    As each character is read, via a for loop, an if block tests for three scenarios. The first scenario tests whether the 
    character is alphabetical or an apostrophe. When true, this block appends the character into an array which will store an 
    entire word. The second scenario tests if the character is a digit. When true, the rest of the string will be read and 
    discarded. The third scenario tests if the index is greater than 0 (meaning a word is completely loaded in the array, 
    usually triggered via a whitespace character). When true, this block terminates the string (\0) and runs the spell check function.
    
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like 
    "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    fgetc provides more control and error checking than the format string from fscanf. If, for example, a word in the input file
    includes a digit, fscanf will return the string and further error checking will need to take place. fgetc provides a thorough and
    convenient way to test the file stream characters.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
    The const type qualifier declares the parameters in check and load as un-modifiable. This is desirable since We pass by reference
    and do not want to accidentally alter the words during the function calls in any way.

7.  What data structure(s) did you use to implement your spell-checker? Be sure not to leave your answer at just "hash table," "trie," 
    or the like. Expound on what’s inside each of your "nodes."
    I used a trie data structure to create a spell-checker. The trie loads each word, character-by-character, into a tree. My trie 
    contained two members within each node of the data structure. 1. A boolean value to signal if the present location in the trie 
    is a valid word. 2. A linked list of arrays, where each index in the array represents the 26 characters of the alphabet and an 
    apostrophe.
    
8.  How slow was your code the first time you got it working correctly?
    My code ran around .20-.25ms when first run.

9.  What kinds of changes, if any, did you make to your code in order to improve its performance?
    I shortcutted the size function calculation by including it into the load function.

10. Do you feel that your code has any bottlenecks that you were not able to chip away at?
    My code bottlenecks at the load and unload functions. Load takes the longest time. I would like to try using a hash table in the
    future to compare the results against the trie. I anticipate that the trie is effective for much larger data sets and hashing the
    dictionary words will be much quicker to load and unload.
