0.  How many different colors does each format support?
    BMP: from 2 to 4,294,967,295 different colors.
    GIF: 256 different colors.
    JPEG: supports up to 16,777,126 different colors.
    PNG: supports up to 281,474,976,710,656 different colors.
    
1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
    GIF

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression
    Lossy compression uses inexact approximations and partial data discarding to represent content. Lossless compression 
    allows original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
    JPEG

4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
    The system modifies the file to signal is has been deleted and may be re-used. 
    The system also changes the status of the file's FAT clusters to show that they are free for use.
    
5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    In order to prevent unauthorized access to retired hard drives, one can physically destroy the drive, 
    magnetically erase the data, or overwrite all the data and slack space.

6.  What’s stdint.h?
    stdint.h is a header file which defines integers of fixed widths (8, 16, 32).
    These integers may be specified as either signed or unsigned. 
    Additionally, stdint.h include macros for defining the minimum and maximum values for these integers.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    The point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program is to define
    integer widths explicitly, which are portable across various machines which may interpret
    primitives int, long, etc. differently.

8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    A BYTE is 1 byte. A DWORD is 4 bytes. A LONG is 4 bytes. A WORD is 2 bytes.

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? "
    The first two bytes of any BMP file must be the ascii characters "BM".
    
10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    The bfSize is the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file. 
    The biSize is the number of bytes required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER.

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    If biHeight is negative the bmp file is oriented top-down, with its origin in the upper-left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    The biBitCount field specifies the BMP's color depth.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    fopen might return NULL in copy.c:37 because the user may not enter a second argument 
    when executing the copy program. Thus, the outfile filename will be NULL.

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    The third argument of fread() specifies the number of elements to read. 
    fread is always 1 in copy.c because the second argument specifies elements with size of BITMAPFILEHEADER or BITMAPINFOHEADER.
    A BMP only contains one of each of these headers, so only one element is necessary to read in all of the information.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    copy.c:70 assigns padding of 3 if bi.biWidth is 3.

16. What does fseek do?
    fseek sets the file position of the stream to the specified offset, beginning at the point specified in the third argument.

17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    SEEK_CUR specifies that fseek should begin from the current position of the file pointer to offset.
    
18. David Malan
